# 1037 Keep on Truckin'

### 一、题目

#### 问题描述

>    Boudreaux and Thibodeaux are on the road again . . .
>
>   "Boudreaux, we have to get this shipment of mudbugs to Baton Rouge by tonight!"
>
>   "Don't worry, Thibodeaux, I already checked ahead. There are three underpasses and our 18-wheeler will fit through all of them, so just keep that  motor running!"
>
>   "We're not going to make it, I say!"
>
>   So,  which is it: will there be a very messy accident on Interstate 10, or is Thibodeaux just letting the sound of his own wheels drive him crazy?  

#### 输入数据

>      Input to this problem will consist of a single data set. The data set will be formatted according to the following description.
>
>     The data set will consist of a single line containing 3 numbers, separated  by single spaces. Each number represents the height of a single  underpass in inches. Each number will be between 0 and 300 inclusive. 

#### 输出数据

>    There will be exactly one line of output. This line will be:
>
>     NO CRASH
>
>   if the height of the 18-wheeler is less than the height of each of the underpasses, or:
>
>     CRASH X
>
>   otherwise, where X is the height of the first underpass in the data set that the  18-wheeler is unable to go under (which means its height is less than or equal to the height of the 18-wheeler). 
>   The height of the 18-wheeler is 168 inches. 

#### 输入样例

> ```
> 180 160 170
> ```

#### 输出样例

> ```
> CRASH 160
> ```

#### 题目来源

> HDU 1037 http://acm.hdu.edu.cn/showproblem.php?pid=1037

### 二、题解

#### 解题思路

输出第一个小于168的数，CRASH  该数。如果全部都大于等于168，则输出NO CRASH

#### 参考程序

```c
#include<stdio.h>
int main()
{
    int a[3];
    while(scanf("%d%d%d",&a[0],&a[1],&a[2])!=EOF)
    {
        int x=0;
        for (int i=0;i<3;i++)
        if(a[i]<168)
        {printf("CRASH %d\n",a[i]);
        break;
        }
        else x++;
    if(x==3)printf("NO CRASH\n");
    }
        
    return 0;
}
```

#### 复杂度分析

无

#### 编程技巧

无